docs: extend and adapt user documentation - gateways' & agents' throughput limits (#2190)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/logs.md

## Limitations

> - **Throughput**: When tested with a typical remote backend, such as SAP Cloud Logging service, the Telemetry module can process approximately 12,200 logs per second (LPS) using its default configuration with two log gateway instances. While a backend like the [SAP Cloud Logging backend (Large instance), supports up to 30,000 LPS](https://pages.github.tools.sap/perfx/cloud-logging-service/plans-and-prices/#performance-limitations), the log gateway becomes the limiting factor in this setup (*). To ensure availability, the log gateway runs with multiple instances. If you want to increase the maximum throughput, manually scale out the gateway by increasing the number of replicas to 4 instances, which raises the throughput to about 20,600 LPS. See [Module Configuration and Status](https://kyma-project.io/#/telemetry-manager/user/01-manager?id=module-configuration). Further scaling yields diminishing returns, because additional logs may be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Throughput**
  - When pushing OTLP logs of an average size of X to the log gateway, by default the gateway can process approximately 12,000 logs per second. To ensure availability, the log gateway runs with multiple instances. If you want to increase the maximum throughput, manually scale out the gateway by increasing the number of replicas. See [Module Configuration and Status](https://kyma-project.io/#/telemetry-manager/user/01-manager?id=module-configuration). To support scenarios like a `large` instance of SAP Cloud Logging (about 30,000 logs per second), increase the number of gateways to 4.
  - For tailing logs of from stdout using the `runtime` input, the log agent gets used which is running one instance per node. When writing logs of an average size of X to stdout, one log agent instance can handle one instance of the log agent (one agent per node) can process approximately X logs per second
```

We need to consider the two different scenarios. Also I like to first focus on the expectable performance and what you can do about it. And then just mention Cloud Logging and the typical setting.

- **Load Balancing With Istio**: By design, the connections to the gateway are long-living connections (because OTLP is based on gRPC and HTTP/2). For optimal scaling of the gateway, the clients or applications must balance the connections across the available instances, which is automatically achieved if you use an Istio sidecar. If your application has no Istio sidecar, the data is always sent to one instance of the gateway.
- **Unavailability of Output**: For up to 5 minutes, a retry for data is attempted when the destination is unavailable. After that, data is dropped.
- **No Guaranteed Delivery**: The used buffers are volatile. If the gateway or agent instances crash, logs data can be lost.
- **Multiple LogPipeline Support**: The maximum amount of LogPipeline resources is 5.

> **(*) Note:**

> > For exact numbers and benchmarking results, see [CLS Performance Test Results in the Telemetry Manager repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/blob/main/docs/contributor/benchmarks/cls-performance.md).

Reviewer: I would fully remove this perf test document. It feels like that we are too lazy to translate the results into well-defined writings. Anyway it will outdate, and we should also not link it from the official SAP documentation.
